either guys fall right here so students
reading around and it seems that mall
walking is back in the game what was at
one point nine it finally got disabled
don't fish and the Nagas holics decided
go do their last wall walk but seems
that it is back now sort of walk and
I'll get it going here
oh come on there we go but seems to be a
little bit easier
while walking
it's much easier to before you weren't
able to hit the wall but now you can
which is kind of nice um just walk along
the wall perpendicular pretty much and
then you can just move your use your
mouse to push forward you hold down both
keys and you can just just walk and you
can run to I'm running around a mountain
right now you have to go up you kind of
have to look for areas that you can move
up there's not very many areas like I
end up losing ground there
you have to start walking on to the
ground perpendicular or onto the
mountain perpendicular
they disabled it a while back then they
just put it back in the game when they
just when they disabled ball jumping
pretty much you can't do one of the
other it seems with their physics engine
for whatever physics engine they have
but it's cool you can do loops
I have before see I'm just like run in